Added extensions and Rate limiting options (#314)
ExpediaGroup/waggle-dance: CHANGELOG.md

## [3.13.0] - TBD
### Added
- Added `waggle-dance-extensions` module. See [extensions README](waggle-dance-extensions/README.md.)

>  - Added support to enable Rate Limiting of the Waggle Dance application based.
> ### Changed
> - Changed and added some log message so for better tracking of calls being done.
> - Changed Integration Test WaggleDanceRunner to allow for better reuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added support to enable Rate Limiting of the Waggle Dance application base.
### Changed
- Changed and added some log messages for better tracking of calls.
- Changed Integration Test WaggleDanceRunner to allow for reuse.
```
